Fixing the TestRPM-HydratedBuild pipeline to not report a toolchain error (#4949)
microsoft/CBL-Mariner: toolkit/docs/building/building.md

| ARCHIVE_TOOL                  | $(shell if command -v pigz 1>/dev/null 2>&1 ; then echo pigz ; else echo gzip ; fi )                   | Default tool to use in conjunction with `tar` to extract `*.tar.gz` files. Tries to use `pigz` if available, otherwise uses `gzip`
| INCREMENTAL_TOOLCHAIN         | n                                                                                                      | Only build toolchain RPM packages if they are not already present
| RUN_CHECK                     | n                                                                                                      | Run the %check sections when compiling packages

> | ALLOW_PREBUILT_REBUILDS          |n                                                                                                      | The flag to not report the toolchain rebuild errors. (Used for testing)

Reviewer: Please make sure to align the `|` for the new entries with the existing ones.

> | ALLOW_TOOLCHAIN_REBUILDS          |n                                                                                                      | The flag to not report the toolchain rebuild errors. (Used for testing)

Reviewer: No need to mention that this is now used during testing - it may unnecessarily suggest that its use is narrower than what you can do. The main point of this flag is to not treat toolchain packages rebuilds as errors.
```suggestion
| ALLOW_TOOLCHAIN_REBUILDS          |n                                                                                                      | Do not treat rebuilds of toolchain packages during regular package build phase as errors.
```

> |  PACKAGE_BUILD_RETRIES         | 1                                                                                                      | Number of build retries for each package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  PACKAGE_BUILD_RETRIES        | 1                                                                                                      | Number of build retries for each package
```

> |  PACKAGE_BUILD_RETRIES         | 1                                                                                                      | Number of build retries for each package

Reviewer: Please align the `|` characters with the other ones.
